right to recording are we going to catch
this fan when it does it's intermittent
fault at some point first the one start
the car
can you hear there the fans running
as you can see the fan controls give it
a bit more space and then I start the
car
you know what I'm going to do is leave
this aim at the fan control unit so you
can see I'm not playing with a
thing I'm going to put the air
conditioner on
gives us a light when their light goes
off that's when it's failed
Jago harmon sauce basalt
it looks okay
it's gonna switch a conditional to
drive up the door the conditioners off
the reverse gears muscles
the car
fortunately you can listen to radio and
we have to talk to a song the process
resolves it detained right far as in
neutral
finish that one okay now as soon as the
air conditioner goes off and the fan
goes off I'm going to pick up the camera
and I'm going to move it to the
dashboard so you can see how the light
goes on even though the lights are off
okay
right
to work
reverse definitey select
years working fine
okay there we go it's all because off
you can see you can see over there that
is off listen to the sound there's
silence there can you see it is off here
there's no light on that okay I'm going
to go to the dashboard yeah
where's I'm gonna have to just adjust
the camera so I can see you're setting
on the dashboard I'll switch the
indicator off you can see that the light
is on okay that light is on even though
the lights are off now I'm going to
switch the lights off now if you look
here the dashboard lights are off here
as I switch the lights on first thing
that happens is over here you see no
change
and over here ads but I don't know how
to see any change either okay but you
can clearly see air conditioners off I'm
going to push it in
okay and push it up I'm going to switch
the lights back off from the car and
still see with the lights off the dead
light on is on right at this point we've
got knife fan and our air conditioner
I'm going to push it again nothing
nothing
now you can hear when I push it off
there the air conditioner compressor
stopped running we open the window it
might be easy to hear now listen as the
air conditioning compressor engages
and I can't really hear it I can already
hear it very easy from the side
now you can see that now if you listen
here
there's actually silence coming from the
fan but you can see the lights are on on
the car shut interior lights on I'm
gonna go outside the car quickly and
show you what the lights look like now
go to the front of the car you can see
the lights are off on the front of the
car here okay the lights here is off on
the front of the bus
where this light here look like is a
parking light on the top right here okay
and on this bar here yard looks like
that parking lot one okay
go around to the back of the car now
just to get a number plate for
publishing it on the website
thw t-64 GP okay as you can see it looks
like I don't know difficult to see with
sunlight looks like this top left light
is on tensely the middle one is I'm not
sure you go down through the lights as
we go through the light more shielding
much as possible this top the right line
is VR as well and it's going to take a
bit of you like this okay
so as you can see okay putting it out of
a temperature thing you can see the
light is still indicating on 12:23 okay
the date is the 28th of April 2008 and
I'm going to switch this right off and
switch running in no difference you see
you can't hear any difference radio
okay and
when pushing in there we can see
the icon you check the light has gone
off for every day
okay Fiat South Africa 1224 you now have
live video coverage of the issue with
the fan can you fix it please thank